about whether or not I would even be
allowed to give a speech tonight
I was forced to submit only drops my
intended speeches to merciless Scot for
scrutiny and censorship now most of
these were rejected outright due to
their atrocious content and rightly so
a wedding is a time to celebrate the
future and not brawl events which may
not happen sorry I've just been informed
that the best pictures are short this
week which is funny enough how Scott was
described on police 10 similar now I'm
pleased Scott larysa chose to include me
in the winning party and help celebrate
the special occasion with them and I
know I certainly did myself no favors I
tried to sleep with the roster for those
years but that's what I've come to love
about Scott you start forgiving
forgiving and pounding
with scope first expand ask me if I'd
like to be a groomsman my first thought
was who is this but then it dawned on me
that scholar myself has shared some
outrageous adventures over the years and
I was honored to be included they say a
special bond forms between soldiers and
wartime and it's no different for Scott
myself
it simply weren't soldiers we were scrap
metal thieves and we wounded war we were
at the castle of dumb spending three
hours locked inside an old chest freezer
with someone or irate security guards
hunt you for eviction
I never wanted to be locked inside white
wear again and to io1 Cellucci any one
of love or the merits of marriage God
knows my life for the last few years in
a revolving door of strippers and
cocaine so instead of listening to empty
platitudes for me I asked the married
friends but nuggets of advice in kernels
of truth which I could pass on to you
guys what least we do we used White's
marriage is like a public toilet those
outside the district ticketed and those
in slider
that Jamie was a secret it was not the
thing for a support she's improved his
posture personal hygiene and I'm happy
to say he's been naked at a party for a
few weeks now she was making progress on
this animal
yeah children society I'd like to say
that marriage is not about finding
someone you can live with
it's about finding someone you can look
for them so if everyone wasn't joining
me in the toast raise your glasses I'm
gonna have you what are you have in
front of you mr. love and laughter and a
happily ever after